chore(telegraf): Update input and output data formats from Telegraf docs (Closes #5054): (#5072)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/telegraf/v1.27/data_formats/input/xpath_json.md

document, each used to generate a new metrics with the specified fields, tags
etc.

For relative queries in subsequent queries they are relative to the
`metric_selection`. To specify absolute paths, please start the query with a
slash (`/`).

Specifying `metric_selection` is optional. If not specified all relative queries
are relative to the root node of the XML document.

### metric_name (optional)

By specifying `metric_name` you can override the metric/measurement name with
the result of the given [XPath][xpath] query. If not specified, the default
metric name is used.

### timestamp, timestamp_format, timezone (optional)

By default the current time will be used for all created metrics. To set the
time from values in the XML document you can specify a [XPath][xpath] query in
`timestamp` and set the format in `timestamp_format`.

The `timestamp_format` can be set to `unix`, `unix_ms`, `unix_us`, `unix_ns`, or
an accepted [Go "reference time"][time const]. Consult the Go [time][time parse]
package for details and additional examples on how to set the time format.  If
`timestamp_format` is omitted `unix` format is assumed as result of the
`timestamp` query.

> The `timezone` setting will be used to locate the parsed time in the given

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `timezone` setting is used to locate the parsed time in the given
```

timezone. This is helpful for cases where the time does not contain timezone
information, e.g. `2023-03-09 14:04:40` and is not located in _UTC_, which is
the default setting. It is also possible to set the `timezone` to `Local` which
used the configured host timezone.

For time formats with timezone information, e.g. RFC3339, the resulting
timestamp is unchanged. The `timezone` setting is ignored for all `unix`
timestamp formats.

### tags sub-section

[XPath][xpath] queries in the `tag name = query` format to add tags to the
metrics. The specified path can be absolute (starting with `/`) or
relative. Relative paths use the currently selected node as reference.

__NOTE:__ Results of tag-queries will always be converted to strings.

### fields_int sub-section

[XPath][xpath] queries in the `field name = query` format to add integer typed
fields to the metrics. The specified path can be absolute (starting with `/`) or
relative. Relative paths use the currently selected node as reference.

__NOTE:__ Results of field_int-queries will always be converted to

> __int64__. The conversion will fail in case the query result is not convertible!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__int64__. The conversion fails in case the query result is not convertible.
```

### fields sub-section

[XPath][xpath] queries in the `field name = query` format to add non-integer
fields to the metrics. The specified path can be absolute (starting with `/`) or
relative. Relative paths use the currently selected node as reference.

The type of the field is specified in the [XPath][xpath] query using the type
conversion functions of XPath such as `number()`, `boolean()` or `string()` If
no conversion is performed in the query the field will be of type string.

> __NOTE: Path conversion functions will always succeed even if you convert a text
> to float!__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__NOTE: Path conversion functions always succeed even if you convert a text
to float.__
```

### field_selection, field_name, field_value (optional)

You can specify a [XPath][xpath] query to select a set of nodes forming the
fields of the metric. The specified path can be absolute (starting with `/`) or
relative to the currently selected node. Each node selected by `field_selection`
forms a new field within the metric.

The _name_ and the _value_ of each field can be specified using the optional
`field_name` and `field_value` queries. The queries are relative to the selected
field if not starting with `/`. If not specified the field's _name_ defaults to
the node name and the field's _value_ defaults to the content of the selected
field node.

__NOTE__: `field_name` and `field_value` queries are only evaluated if a
`field_selection` is specified.

Specifying `field_selection` is optional. This is an alternative way to specify
fields especially for documents where the node names are not known a priori or
if there is a large number of fields to be specified. These options can also be
combined with the field specifications above.

> __NOTE: Path conversion functions will always succeed even if you convert a text
> to float!__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__NOTE: Path conversion functions always succeed even if you convert a text
to float.__
```

### field_name_expansion (optional)

When _true_, field names selected with `field_selection` are expanded to a

> _path_ relative to the _selected node_. This is necessary if we e.g. select all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_path_ relative to the _selected node_. This is necessary if we select all
```
